[docs] Revise the related projects page (#32180)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/discover-more/design-kits/design-kits.md

# Design kits

<p class="description">Boost consistency and facilitate communication when working with developers by using Material UI components in your favorite design tool.</p>

The Material UI design kits allow you to be more efficient by designing and developing with the same library.

- **For designers:** Save time getting the Material UI components all set up, leveraging the latest features from your favorite design tool.
- **For product managers:** Quickly put together ideas and high-fidelity mockups/prototypes using components from your actual product.

> - **For developers:** Effortlessly communicate with designers using the same language around the Materia UI components props and variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **For developers:** Effortlessly communicate with designers using the same language around the Material UI component props and variants.
```
